Adding  no_sync documentation to get-started page of Core and Enterprise (#5861)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/shared/v3-core-get-started/_index.md

> [!Note]
> ##### Write requests return after WAL flush
>

> > Because InfluxDB sends a write response after the WAL file has been flushed to the configured object store (default is every second), individual write requests might not complete quickly, but you can make many concurrent requests to achieve higher total throughput. Future enhancements will include an API parameter that lets requests return without waiting for the WAL flush.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> By default, when you write data, InfluxDB sends a write response after the WAL file has been flushed to the Object store (default is every second). Write requests might not complete quickly, but you can make many concurrent requests to achieve higher total throughput.
For faster write responses, you can use the [`no_sync` option](#no-sync-write-option) to skip the wait for WAL persistence.
```

Reviewer: `no_sync` is the "future enhancement".

Also, just FYI, our practice is to not include forecasting about future features or enhancements--we document the thing as it is, not as it might be later. However, we kept it here b/c it seemed important to the team and the early release status.

##### No sync write option

> InfluxDB provides a `no_sync` write option that allows the write request to respond faster by skipping the wait for WAL presistence. When `no_sync=true`, InfluxDB writes data to the WAL and then immediately acknowledges the write request without waiting for persistence to the Object store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
InfluxDB provides a `no_sync` write option that allows the write request to respond faster by skipping the wait for WAL persistence. When `no_sync=true`, InfluxDB writes data to the WAL and then immediately acknowledges the write request without waiting for persistence to the Object store.
```

Reviewer: When I get the Vale and test updates merged in for shared and monolith pages, it should catch spelling errors for you. Also, and until then, I find it handy to run the text through an AI (e.g. Claude in VSCode CoPilot)--ask it to fix errors, but not make other changes, and output Markdown.

Using `no_sync=true` is best when prioritizing high-throughput writes over absolute durability. 

> - Default behavior(`no_sync=false`): Waits for data to be written to disk before acknowledging writes. This reduces the risk of data loss but increases latency for writes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Default behavior (`no_sync=false`): Waits for data to be written to disk before acknowledging writes. This reduces the risk of data loss but increases latency for writes.
```

> - Default behavior(`no_sync=false`): Waits for data to be written to disk before acknowledging writes. This reduces the risk of data loss but increases latency for writes.

Reviewer: Nice use of bulletpoints here - makes it clear!

- With `no_sync=true`: Reduces write latency but increases the risk of data loss in case of crashes before WAL persistence. 

###### Immediate write using the HTTP API

The `no_sync` parameter controls when writes are acknowledged--for example:

```sh

> curl -v "http://localhost:8181/api/v3/write_lp?db=sensors&precision=auto&no_sync=true" \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl "http://localhost:8181/api/v3/write_lp?db=sensors&precision=auto&no_sync=true" \
```

  --data-raw "home,room=Sunroom temp=96"
```

> If you are using the CLI, here is an example of how to enable the `no_sync` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Immediate write using the influxdb3 CLI

The `no_sync` CLI option controls when writes are acknowledged--for example:
```

```sh
influxdb3 write --bucket=mydb --org=my_org --token=my-token --no-sync
```

> #### Create a database or Table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Create a database or table
```

> Because InfluxDB sends a write response after the WAL file has been flushed to the configured object store (default is every second), individual write requests might not complete quickly, but you can make many concurrent requests to achieve higher total throughput.

> > Future enhancements will include an API parameter that lets requests return without waiting for the WAL flush.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Won't need this anymore :)

##### No sync write option

> InfluxDB provides a `no_sync` write option to allow faster response of write request by skipping the wait for WAL presistence. When `no_sync=true`, InfluxDB writes data to WAL but immediately acknowledges the write request without waiting for persistence. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
InfluxDB provides a `no_sync` write option that allows the write request to respond faster by skipping the wait for WAL presistence. When `no_sync=true`, InfluxDB writes data to the WAL and then immediately acknowledges the write request without waiting for persistence to the Object store.

Using `no_sync=true` is best when prioritizing high-throughput writes over absolute durability. 
```

> - Default behavior(`no_sync=false`): Ensures data is persisted before acknowledging writes. Thus, reducing the risk of data loss. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Default behavior(`no_sync=false`): Waits for data to be written to disk before acknowledging writes. This reduces the risk of data loss but increases latency for writes.
```

> - With `no_sync=true`: Improves write performance but increases the risk of data loss in case of crashes before WAL persistence. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- With `no_sync=true`: Reduces write latency but increases the risk of data loss in case of crashes before WAL persistence. 
```

Reviewer: Use extreme caution about making any claims for or against "performance"--the word carries a lot of weight.

> If you are using the HTTP API, here is an example of how to enable the `no_sync` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Immediate write using the HTTP API

The `no_sync` parameter controls when writes are acknowledged--for example:

```

```sh
curl -v "http://localhost:8181/api/v3/write_lp?db=sensors&precision=auto&no_sync=true" \
  --data-raw "home,room=Sunroom temp=96"
```

If you are using the CLI, here is an example of how to enable the `no_sync` option:

```sh
influxdb3 write --bucket=mydb --org=my_org --token=my-token --no-sync
```

> Using `no_sync=true` is best when prioritizing high-throughput writes over absolute durability. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Create a database or Table

> To create a database without writing data, use the `create` subcommand--for example:

Reviewer: Can you undo the change here. It looks like you reverted the previous change to this line?

Author: Ah, good catch thank you! I must have deleted that on accident.

> [!Note]
> ##### Write requests return after WAL flush
>
> By default, when you write data, InfluxDB sends a write response after the WAL file has been flushed to the Object store (default is every second). Write requests might not complete quickly, but you can make many concurrent requests to achieve higher total throughput.
For faster write responses, you can use the [`no_sync` option](#no-sync-write-option) to skip the wait for WAL persistence.

##### No sync write option

InfluxDB provides a `no_sync` write option that allows the write request to respond faster by skipping the wait for WAL persistence. When `no_sync=true`, InfluxDB writes data to the WAL and then immediately acknowledges the write request without waiting for persistence to the Object store.

Using `no_sync=true` is best when prioritizing high-throughput writes over absolute durability. 

- Default behavior (`no_sync=false`): Waits for data to be written to disk before acknowledging writes. This reduces the risk of data loss but increases latency for writes.

> - With `no_sync=true`: Reduces write latency but increases the risk of data loss in case of crashes before WAL persistence. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- With `no_sync=true`: Reduces write latency, but increases the risk of data loss in case of a crash before WAL persistence. 
```
